Abstract:

Security of computers also known as cybersecurity covers mainly two domains that is cryptography and steganography. Cryptography literally meaning secret writing in latingreek is the art of encoding and decding messages. On the other hand steganography translates to secret/hidden writing and secures messages by concealng ther existence from any unintended recipients within another message. 
The project aims to secure communications between two or more participating entities via the means of crypto and steganography. The major objective of this project is to provide a robust, secure and tamper-proof stego image wherein the user can input the secret message and select the image wherein he/she wants to hide the message.  For additional security the data would frst be encrypted by blowfish if not a more suitable algorithm before being hidden in the image using a DCT transform  so as to make it robust against jpeg compression which would otherwise destroy the data if encoded pixel by pixel. However for choice we'll have more than one algorithm. 
The data can then be sent to any other person wiht whom the person can share the key so that the data can be recovered as such. This would be implemented in a web app coded out in flask.

Literate Survey:
1.A secure image steganography using LSB, DCT and compression techniques on raw images-KB Raja, CR Chowdary, KR Venugopa
2.Hide and seek: An introduction to steganography-N Provos, P Honeyman 
3.A steganographic method based upon JPEG and quantization table modification-CC Chang, TS Chen, LZ Chung
4.Digital image steganography: Survey and analysis of current methods-A Cheddad, J Condell, K Curran, P Mc Kevitt
5.An analysis of LSB & DCT based steganography
E Walia, P Jain, N Navdeep

Hardware and Software Requirements:
1. A normal computer with decent specifications
2. Python with Flask module 
3. Octave preferrably with oct2py support in Python
4. C/C++ for the encryption/decryption process.


Software Architecture of Application:
This is a small web app that runs on flask which is used for the basic server and backnd operations such as login and uploading pictures or downloading them. The data which is to be uploaded is entered by the user and encrypted by C/C++ mostly done with the help of shared libraries or directly invoking the code. 
Then the user is presented with images to choose wherein the data has to be concealed. Then the image is uploaded. The user can then share the key by posting a message to the intended receptants. Who'll login and then receive the key. They can look up the required image and then apply the value of key in the decryption process. This way the same message can be sent to multiple recipients and also no unintended people can read it. 
So basically the software uses flask for basic web services while C/C++ is used for encryption/ decryption of data after stegano-processing. The steganography is the middle syahe done by octave. 

This can be reprsented in the form of a UML diagram speccificall an activity one: 
